silvester heute!
what are you doing tonight? can i see you after work? :)
where are yo0oo0uuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
wed lunch work for you??
thats no fun
ny is amazing, i love it there. which is a good thing because id never been there before i showed up for school. hows college going for you?
wassup?
uh, heck yes :)
yah that sounds like fun. i will be out of town mon/tues so maybe wed?
frohe weihnachten :)
never want to leave Virginia. and my friends. again.
heyyyyyyyyyyyy!! remember me? hows college going?
congratulations Kimberly Anne !!!!!! :)
ah ha you remembered my name
JULIANA GO TO BED WHY ARE YOU STILL AWAKE???
anyone working over break?
Paige Anderson Laura Po Jessica Nguyen
hey girl! 
ahh that sounds like so much fun, but I'm going to be in Montreal for  the entire break ): 
solid heart to heart tonight
Assume there is a spherical duck....
love Chhannukahhh and candles :)
goood!!! i think i might be working on the 18th.
lots of snow in dc but none in mass?
hmm..
hi beautiful <3
hello fresh-person! I was looking through the finals scheduling and I see that on the morning of the design nature presentations you have a 'writing diagnostic'.

This confuses me because it seems to me, if you are writing from 9 until 11, you won't be able to waterproof, finish sewing, or design a poster explaining your swimmer in those hours (all things one does instead of sleeping, the night before demo day).

opinions?
loved being back in dc
thanks Prince Jindal, Laura Albert, and John Bauke
sweet, have fun at the rally! Next weekend works for me, you're in Needham right? Is that even T accessible?
Thanks Juliana. We absolutely need to meet up sometime soon! Do you have any plans this weekend?
No, not yet. We just had our fall break last week, lol. How's the weather up there? Nice and nippy for ya? When do you go home for T-giving?
Fantastic!!! How are you!?!? Where did you end up going to school?? You never told me..:(
HEY HEY HEY!!!! :D
Hello! Scad is okay. I like Savannah, but I'm ehh about the school. How are you?
crazy excited to see Prince Jindal, Davisson Han, and John Bauke this weekend
and of course for roadtripping again, Gracie Sanford style
1. you're homesick
2. brown
3. she made the group
4. baby squirrel
5. why don't you clean your room
6. your enthusiasm
7. Nazire
8. post this
ok so basically they said you have to email them yourself, because I apparently can't get them for you(which i thought I would be able to do)....once you email them i dunno what they'll do.  They may or may not be able to just send them to you.

sorryyyy
yo march to keep fear alive
your water bottle and seafood are in my room :)
we need to skype, very soon
Uchicago is quite the awesome. though it is a bit cold. and i do have a cold. but besides that. quite the awesomeness. 

hbu? what is Olin like?
whose going to be in reston on october 29th-31st? let me know, i mighhht be theree :)
 Prince Jindal, Nick Barbero, Ashley Taylor, Sofía Guernica, Nicholas Hunt, Sonja Willnat
YAY! just text me and let me know and I'll try and come meet up with you <3
Someone is our class found the resident frequency of our building.. 63 hertz... and is blasting music that makes the walls shake.
... love nerd school
holy mcshit. thats scary. we do need to talk very soon, i talked to ant a couple weeks ago, he's considering going greek which makes me incredibly proud of him but life here has been so busy with school and fraternity i just seem like i have no time, but after homecoming this weekend i'm free til halloween week to talk anytime
Back at Olin in an hour or two!
mumbles WHERE ARE YOU
will be in another country at this time tomorrow :)
yesssssss i would love that! 
I'll call them sometime this weekend and ask them :)
is trying to do a proof for the theorem on bounds of error for the Simpson's Rule for approximating integrals. Mind. Blown. Avery Louie Sashko Stubailo Juliana Nazaré
So if you are coming down....you will need my new number: 514 775 5309
alrighhty sounds good. 
i'll try to think of a good weekend in November,
and contact you closer to the date. 
im really excited to see how it is there though!
and montreal? wow have fun!
BECKY I REALLY HOPE THAT YOUR CLASS SINGS TO YOU RIGHT NOW. I JUST THOUGHT I WOULD LET YOU KNOW, AND MAYBE ALSO Juliana Nazaré AND Theo Thompson AND Keely Haverstock BECAUSE THEY'RE ALL IN YOUR CLASS - I THINK.
you better visit tech sooon!
okay i'll do that. :)
when is a good time to come?
I hate you this much: |-------------------------------------------|
I want to!
